Good morning, everyone. 

It’s really a great honor to have this opportunity to present myself, well, My name’s luka Zhang.I am currently a PhD student at Zhejiang university and studied digital art and design. I am also a founder of huqu company. 

The Chinese government attaches great importance to innovation and entrepreneurship. To foster a new engine of growth, our Premier Li keqiang stressed on many occasions the importanceof mass entrepreneurship and innovation. With the rapid development of the economy, the government provides the undergraduates and postgraduates with a great platform and beneficial policies for innovation and entrepreneurship and there are many opportunities for us. 

Under the call of "mass entrepreneurship and innovation"，this year, hangzhou ranked as the most innovative and entrepreneruial cities in China.It's the birthplace of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group and many other innovative enterprises.

What is interesting is that Zhejiang university is known as "China's most students entrepreneurial university" and one of the highest rates of entrepreneurship in the country. many young people no longer choose "stable" jobs. Instead, they prefer to start their own businesses and realize their self-value through their own wisdom and efforts. Our teacher encouraged students to be enterprising and responsible and to integrate our innovation and entrepreneurship dream into the fulfillment of China’s dream.

When I came to Zhejiang University, I built up a team, to develop educational tools related to art education. Tipix is one of them. People can use it to draw on photos with different kinds of brushes to make unique works of art. 

Last year， Apple organized its first-ever app developer competition in China. I was very honored to represent my team to introduce Tipix to Apple CEO Tim Cook. After a wonderful presentation, our team won the top prize. Mr. Cook congratulated our team for Tipix through his Sina Weibo account. On top of that I can take part in Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference this year. At the same time, our another app, mapix, got the top app recommendation in Apple Store.

In the end, we all know that Israel is a very innovative country with a good environment for innovation and entrepreneurship. SO I hope that  China and Israel can have more exchanges and cooperation in the future.

Thanks！
